[!Global!]
IconName=vertigo
Comment=vertigo

[AddNotify]
Name=Add Notify
Comment=Add Notify
default_presentation=8

[BanList]
Name=Ban List
Comment=Ban List
default_presentation=8

[Banned]
Name=Banned
Comment=Banned
default_presentation=8

[ChangeNick]
Name=Change Nick
Comment=Change Nick
default_presentation=8

[ChannelAction]
Name=Channel Action
Comment=Channel Action
default_presentation=8

[ChannelActionHilight]
Name=Channel Action Hilight
Comment=Channel Action Hilight
default_presentation=8

[ChannelBan]
Name=Channel Ban
Comment=Channel Ban
default_presentation=8

[ChannelCreation]
Name=Channel Creation
Comment=Channel Creation
default_presentation=8

[ChannelDeHalfOp]
Name=Channel DeHalfOp
Comment=Channel DeHalfOp
default_presentation=8

[ChannelDeOp]
Name=Channel DeOp
Comment=Channel DeOp
default_presentation=8

[ChannelDeVoice]
Name=Channel DeVoice
Comment=Channel DeVoice
default_presentation=8

[ChannelExempt]
Name=Channel Exempt
Comment=Channel Exempt
default_presentation=8

[ChannelHalf-Operator]
Name=Channel Half-Operator
Comment=Channel Half-Operator
default_presentation=8

[ChannelINVITE]
Name=Channel INVITE
Comment=Channel INVITE
default_presentation=8

[ChannelList]
Name=Channel List
Comment=Channel List
default_presentation=8

[ChannelMessage]
Name=Channel Message
Comment=Channel Message
default_presentation=8

[ChannelModeGeneric]
Name=Channel Mode Generic
Comment=Channel Mode Generic
default_presentation=8

[ChannelModes]
Name=Channel Modes
Comment=Channel Modes
default_presentation=8

[ChannelMsgHilight]
Name=Channel Msg Hilight
Comment=Channel Msg Hilight
default_presentation=8

[ChannelNotice]
Name=Channel Notice
Comment=Channel Notice
default_presentation=8

[ChannelOperator]
Name=Channel Operator
Comment=Channel Operator
default_presentation=8

[ChannelRemoveExempt]
Name=Channel Remove Exempt
Comment=Channel Remove Exempt
default_presentation=8

[ChannelRemoveInvite]
Name=Channel Remove Invite
Comment=Channel Remove Invite
default_presentation=8

[ChannelRemoveKeyword]
Name=Channel Remove Keyword
Comment=Channel Remove Keyword
default_presentation=8

[ChannelRemoveLimit]
Name=Channel Remove Limit
Comment=Channel Remove Limit
default_presentation=8

[ChannelSetKey]
Name=Channel Set Key
Comment=Channel Set Key
default_presentation=8

[ChannelSetLimit]
Name=Channel Set Limit
Comment=Channel Set Limit
default_presentation=8

[ChannelUnBan]
Name=Channel UnBan
Comment=Channel UnBan
default_presentation=8

[ChannelVoice]
Name=Channel Voice
Comment=Channel Voice
default_presentation=8

[Connected]
Name=Connected
Comment=Connected
default_presentation=8

[Connecting]
Name=Connecting
Comment=Connecting
default_presentation=8

[ConnectionFailed]
Name=Connection Failed
Comment=Connection Failed
default_presentation=8

[CTCPGeneric]
Name=CTCP Generic
Comment=CTCP Generic
default_presentation=8

[CTCPGenerictoChannel]
Name=CTCP Generic to Channel
Comment=CTCP Generic to Channel
default_presentation=8

[CTCPSend]
Name=CTCP Send
Comment=CTCP Send
default_presentation=8

[CTCPSound]
Name=CTCP Sound
Comment=CTCP Sound
default_presentation=8

[DCCCHATAbort]
Name=DCC CHAT Abort
Comment=DCC CHAT Abort
default_presentation=8

[DCCCHATConnect]
Name=DCC CHAT Connect
Comment=DCC CHAT Connect
default_presentation=8

[DCCCHATFailed]
Name=DCC CHAT Failed
Comment=DCC CHAT Failed
default_presentation=8

[DCCCHATOffer]
Name=DCC CHAT Offer
Comment=DCC CHAT Offer
default_presentation=8

[DCCCHATOffering]
Name=DCC CHAT Offering
Comment=DCC CHAT Offering
default_presentation=8

[DCCCHATReoffer]
Name=DCC CHAT Reoffer
Comment=DCC CHAT Reoffer
default_presentation=8

[DCCConectionFailed]
Name=DCC Conection Failed
Comment=DCC Conection Failed
default_presentation=8

[DCCGenericOffer]
Name=DCC Generic Offer
Comment=DCC Generic Offer
default_presentation=8

[DCCHeader]
Name=DCC Header
Comment=DCC Header
default_presentation=8

[DCCMalformed]
Name=DCC Malformed
Comment=DCC Malformed
default_presentation=8

[DCCOffer]
Name=DCC Offer
Comment=DCC Offer
default_presentation=8

[DCCOfferNotValid]
Name=DCC Offer Not Valid
Comment=DCC Offer Not Valid
default_presentation=8

[DCCRECVAbort]
Name=DCC RECV Abort
Comment=DCC RECV Abort
default_presentation=8

[DCCRECVComplete]
Name=DCC RECV Complete
Comment=DCC RECV Complete
default_presentation=8

[DCCRECVConnect]
Name=DCC RECV Connect
Comment=DCC RECV Connect
default_presentation=8

[DCCRECVFailed]
Name=DCC RECV Failed
Comment=DCC RECV Failed
default_presentation=8

[DCCRECVFileOpenError]
Name=DCC RECV File Open Error
Comment=DCC RECV File Open Error
default_presentation=8

[DCCRename]
Name=DCC Rename
Comment=DCC Rename
default_presentation=8

[DCCRESUMERequest]
Name=DCC RESUME Request
Comment=DCC RESUME Request
default_presentation=8

[DCCSENDAbort]
Name=DCC SEND Abort
Comment=DCC SEND Abort
default_presentation=8

[DCCSENDComplete]
Name=DCC SEND Complete
Comment=DCC SEND Complete
default_presentation=8

[DCCSENDConnect]
Name=DCC SEND Connect
Comment=DCC SEND Connect
default_presentation=8

[DCCSENDFailed]
Name=DCC SEND Failed
Comment=DCC SEND Failed
default_presentation=8

[DCCSENDOffer]
Name=DCC SEND Offer
Comment=DCC SEND Offer
default_presentation=8

[DCCStall]
Name=DCC Stall
Comment=DCC Stall
default_presentation=8

[DCCTimeout]
Name=DCC Timeout
Comment=DCC Timeout
default_presentation=8

[DeleteNotify]
Name=Delete Notify
Comment=Delete Notify
default_presentation=8

[Disconnected]
Name=Disconnected
Comment=Disconnected
default_presentation=8

[FoundIP]
Name=Found IP
Comment=Found IP
default_presentation=8

[IgnoreAdd]
Name=Ignore Add
Comment=Ignore Add
default_presentation=8

[IgnoreChanged]
Name=Ignore Changed
Comment=Ignore Changed
default_presentation=8

[IgnoreFooter]
Name=Ignore Footer
Comment=Ignore Footer
default_presentation=8

[IgnoreHeader]
Name=Ignore Header
Comment=Ignore Header
default_presentation=8

[IgnoreRemove]
Name=Ignore Remove
Comment=Ignore Remove
default_presentation=8

[IgnorelistEmpty]
Name=Ignorelist Empty
Comment=Ignorelist Empty
default_presentation=8

[Invite]
Name=Invite
Comment=Invite
default_presentation=8

[Invited]
Name=Invited
Comment=Invited
default_presentation=8

[Join]
Name=Join
Comment=Join
default_presentation=8

[Keyword]
Name=Keyword
Comment=Keyword
default_presentation=8

[Kick]
Name=Kick
Comment=Kick
default_presentation=8

[Killed]
Name=Killed
Comment=Killed
default_presentation=8

[MessageSend]
Name=Message Send
Comment=Message Send
default_presentation=8

[Motd]
Name=Motd
Comment=Motd
default_presentation=8

[MOTDSkipped]
Name=MOTD Skipped
Comment=MOTD Skipped
default_presentation=8

[NickClash]
Name=Nick Clash
Comment=Nick Clash
default_presentation=8

[NickFailed]
Name=Nick Failed
Comment=Nick Failed
default_presentation=8

[NoDCC]
Name=No DCC
Comment=No DCC
default_presentation=8

[NoRunningProcess]
Name=No Running Process
Comment=No Running Process
default_presentation=8

[Notice]
Name=Notice
Comment=Notice
default_presentation=8

[NoticeSend]
Name=Notice Send
Comment=Notice Send
default_presentation=8

[NotifyEmpty]
Name=Notify Empty
Comment=Notify Empty
default_presentation=8

[NotifyHeader]
Name=Notify Header
Comment=Notify Header
default_presentation=8

[NotifyNumber]
Name=Notify Number
Comment=Notify Number
default_presentation=8

[NotifyOffline]
Name=Notify Offline
Comment=Notify Offline
default_presentation=8

[NotifyOnline]
Name=Notify Online
Comment=Notify Online
default_presentation=8

[Part]
Name=Part
Comment=Part
default_presentation=8

[PartwithReason]
Name=Part with Reason
Comment=Part with Reason
default_presentation=8

[PingReply]
Name=Ping Reply
Comment=Ping Reply
default_presentation=8

[PingTimeout]
Name=Ping Timeout
Comment=Ping Timeout
default_presentation=8

[PrivateMessage]
Name=Private Message
Comment=Private Message
default_presentation=8

[PrivateMessagetoDialog]
Name=Private Message to Dialog
Comment=Private Message to Dialog
default_presentation=8

[ProcessAlreadyRunning]
Name=Process Already Running
Comment=Process Already Running
default_presentation=8

[Quit]
Name=Quit
Comment=Quit
default_presentation=8

[RawModes]
Name=Raw Modes
Comment=Raw Modes
default_presentation=8

[ReceiveWallops]
Name=Receive Wallops
Comment=Receive Wallops
default_presentation=8

[ResolvingUser]
Name=Resolving User
Comment=Resolving User
default_presentation=8

[ServerConnected]
Name=Server Connected
Comment=Server Connected
default_presentation=8

[ServerError]
Name=Server Error
Comment=Server Error
default_presentation=8

[ServerLookup]
Name=Server Lookup
Comment=Server Lookup
default_presentation=8

[ServerNotice]
Name=Server Notice
Comment=Server Notice
default_presentation=8

[ServerText]
Name=Server Text
Comment=Server Text
default_presentation=8

[StopConnection]
Name=Stop Connection
Comment=Stop Connection
default_presentation=8

[Topic]
Name=Topic
Comment=Topic
default_presentation=8

[TopicCreation]
Name=Topic Creation
Comment=Topic Creation
default_presentation=8

[TopicChange]
Name=Topic Change
Comment=Topic Change
default_presentation=8

[UnknownHost]
Name=Unknown Host
Comment=Unknown Host
default_presentation=8

[UserLimit]
Name=User Limit
Comment=User Limit
default_presentation=8

[UsersOnChannel]
Name=Users On Channel
Comment=Users On Channel
default_presentation=8

[WhoIsAwayLine]
Name=WhoIs Away Line
Comment=WhoIs Away Line
default_presentation=8

[WhoIsChannel/OperLine]
Name=WhoIs Channel/Oper Line
Comment=WhoIs Channel/Oper Line
default_presentation=8

[WhoIsEnd]
Name=WhoIs End
Comment=WhoIs End
default_presentation=8

[WhoIsIdleLine]
Name=WhoIs Idle Line
Comment=WhoIs Idle Line
default_presentation=8

[WhoIsIdleLinewithSignon]
Name=WhoIs Idle Line with Signon
Comment=WhoIs Idle Line with Signon
default_presentation=8

[WhoIsNameLine]
Name=WhoIs Name Line
Comment=WhoIs Name Line
default_presentation=8

[WhoIsServerLine]
Name=WhoIs Server Line
Comment=WhoIs Server Line
default_presentation=8

[YouJoin]
Name=You Join
Comment=You Join
default_presentation=8

[YouPart]
Name=You Part
Comment=You Part
default_presentation=8

[YouPartwithReason]
Name=You Part with Reason
Comment=You Part
default_presentation=8
